feat(gameye): configurable environments, DI config, multi-port, and region routing (#24)
Unity-Technologies/matchmaker-hosting-providers: modules/GameyeAllocator/CONFIGURATION.md

### `Environment`

Controls which Gameye API endpoint the allocator targets.

| Value | API URL |
|---|---|
| `GameyeEnvironment.Sandbox` (default) | `https://api.sandbox-gameye.gameye.net` |
| `GameyeEnvironment.Production` | `https://api-production-gameye.gameye.net` |

Use `Sandbox` during development and testing. Switch to `Production` before going live.

### `ImageName` (required)

The name of your application image as configured in the Gameye Admin Panel. Must match exactly.

### `DefaultLocation`

Your preferred default deployment region (e.g. `"europe"`, `"us-east-1"`). Used when the matched pool has no entry in `LocationByPool`. See [available locations](https://www.gameye.com/docs/api-v2/available-locations/) for the full list. Defaults to `"europe"`.

### `LocationByPool` (optional)

Maps Unity Matchmaker **pool names** to Gameye location IDs, enabling dynamic region selection per match. When the matched pool is found in this dictionary, that location is sent to Gameye instead of `DefaultLocation`. Pools not in the map fall through to `DefaultLocation`.

> Unity Matchmaker uses pools for region routing — create one pool per region in your queue configuration, then mirror that mapping here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unity Matchmaker can be configured to use pools for region routing — create one pool per region in your queue configuration, then mirror that mapping here.
```
Using this pool-to-region mapping is a decision made by the game dev to not use QoS. The original statement can be understood as something Unity Matchmaker strictly does, which is not true.

Author: Good catch — you're right that pool-based routing is a developer decision (an alternative to Unity QoS), not something Matchmaker strictly does. Reworded to "can be configured to use pools for region routing" in 4a05258. Thanks!
